hey guys double-wide six here and
apparently we got a 1989 Honda so yeah I
just found this thing on the side of the
road so we're gonna see if we can get it
running and get rid of it so those
videos on how to start a Honda that
hasn't been started in a long time
looky here we even got the original
manual in a ziplock bag so apparently
this guy probably took care of it maybe
he thinks it's usable
who knows maybe nothing's wrong with it
see if there's anything oily I see that
there's oil spilled on the outside so
oil in it and it looks pretty clear
let's check the fuel tank it's like dry
but there's a splash of fuel in there
pull start looks good just bag with it
looked underneath when I pulled it off
the truck and the blades on it deck look
pretty good these cables a lot of times
they break but all three of them are
here they look like they're working and
yeah everything looks hooked up and if
we look closely you can see the gas is
on so we'll throw some fuel in it see
what we get find out if it a spark all
right so I throw some fuel in it we're
going to see if this thing will fire if
it has spark or what true cold
well folks right there is why you buy a
Honda I don't know how long that thing's
been sitting I have no idea but started
right up
so looks pretty good I think I'll be
able to get like 80 bucks for pretty
quick it's not it's the end of mowing
season I'm just going to try and get rid
of it but looks like everything works on
even the clutch I'll take what I can get
because my wife hasn't been working
she's been staying home with my son for
his leukemia treatments so yeah I can
use the money so anyhow I'm double wide
six and Morel this one is buy a Honda
thanks for watching
take care